you can't talk underwater most of the
time if you've got a breathing apparatus
on your back you've got a something in
your mouth but Alistair one of my
producer colleagues is very keen that we
should try and introduce the presenter
talking to camera underwater there's a
wonderful new invention called the
bubble helmet this is it and you can put
a microphone in one side of it so we
went down to the swimming pool in the
hotel we were staying and this was
screwed on my head it took a long time
to screw it down tight to make it
watertight I put it on like this and I
waded into the water and I hadn't gone
more than about a foot underwater when
suddenly water started bubbling in very
alarming water rising remember around
you but I was gonna drown how long would
it take me to get this off so I came out
in a hurry there was a fault I said
nonsense as I was they give it to me and
so he changed this put on his shoulders
put it on his head that I was some
pleasure screwed you down quite tight
and he waded into the pool and he came
out even quicker with me than with a lot
alone with me they were just stick you
later you two get it off and I find it's
looking off and he said there's a fault
I said yes there is